here's three ways to secretly stretch
when you're on a walk and you need to
take a rest go ahead and look out as if
something might be missing and nobody's
gonna know you're stretching your chest
also if you ever drop your very
masculine pink phone on the ground
instead of bending over to get it try
and squat down with your heels on the
ground nobody's gonna notice you pausing
and just waiting for a second
and before you ask no this squat is not
up to genetics it's mostly just ankle
Mobility so when you're tying your shoes
push your knee forward wow I tied those
shoes pretty fast by the way if you hold
strong eye contact it's literally
impossible to see what you're doing hey
hey eyes up here
stay flexy